docs/discover/getting-started.md, before:

---
title: Getting Started
parent: Discover
nav_order: 20
---
# Getting Started with Discover

Before you begin a Discover Assessment, make sure you have the basic information about the business ready. This ensures the process goes smoothly and that the report is accurate.

It’s highly recommended that you complete the assessment _with the business owner or prospect_. Doing it together not only speeds things up but also creates trust and context for the results.

{: .note } This is a test of a note. Did I show up. What do I look like?

## Required Information

At a minimum, you’ll need these details:

- **Owner’s Name**
- **Business Name**
- **Business Postal Code**
- **Type of Entity** (e.g., LLC, Corporation)
- **Industry Sector** (NAICS code)
- **Number of Employees**
- **Annual Revenue**
- **Annual Profits (EBITDA)**

## Helpful to Have

Some fields can be pre-populated before meeting with the owner. Having these on hand saves time:

- Owner’s Email
- Year Established
- Team Size (or number of part-time/full-time equivalents)

## Notes on Key Fields

- **Industry Sector**: Owners may find this on tax forms (1040, Line B or 1120 Schedule K, Line 2).
- **Employees**: Count part-time workers as full-time equivalents if needed.
- **Revenue & Profits**: Round to the nearest thousand. For start-ups, projected revenue for the next year is fine. If profits are negative or zero, enter `$1`.
## Next Steps

Once the information is ready, you’re set to [**Run Discover →**](running.md)

Commit message:

fixing and testing the note function

docs/discover/getting-started.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started
parent: Discover
nav_order: 20
---
# Getting Started with Discover

Before you begin a Discover Assessment, make sure you have the basic information about the business ready. This ensures the process goes smoothly and that the report is accurate.

It’s highly recommended that you complete the assessment _with the business owner or prospect_. Doing it together not only speeds things up but also creates trust and context for the results.

> **Tip:**  
> You can pre-populate certain fields before running the assessment.

## Required Information

At a minimum, you’ll need these details:

- **Owner’s Name**
- **Business Name**
- **Business Postal Code**
- **Type of Entity** (e.g., LLC, Corporation)
- **Industry Sector** (NAICS code)
- **Number of Employees**
- **Annual Revenue**
- **Annual Profits (EBITDA)**

## Helpful to Have

Some fields can be pre-populated before meeting with the owner. Having these on hand saves time:

- Owner’s Email
- Year Established
- Team Size (or number of part-time/full-time equivalents)

## Notes on Key Fields

- **Industry Sector**: Owners may find this on tax forms (1040, Line B or 1120 Schedule K, Line 2).
- **Employees**: Count part-time workers as full-time equivalents if needed.
- **Revenue & Profits**: Round to the nearest thousand. For start-ups, projected revenue for the next year is fine. If profits are negative or zero, enter `$1`.
## Next Steps

Once the information is ready, you’re set to [**Run Discover →**](running.md)
